Now we're almost done.
Let's finish up our form here.
We get a submit button and right now we only log it.
Now let's add something to our little form year let's add a horizontal line below it and let's summarize
our data maybe in.
Well maybe in a new bootstrap row.
So let's add a row class and then a Cullom class.
Here are a very simple one.
Let's summarize our data there.
Place the horizontal line between the bootstrap rows and I want to say or output my username here I
want to output my mail address.
Maybe my secret question and my answer to that question as well as my gender is just a nice summary.
I only want to output this once to form has been submitted and then populated with the data of my well
submitted form.
So in the ad app component here I could add a new property named user maybe which is a javascript object
which holds a user name property.
Let's set it to an empty string by default an email property and these names here of course don't have
to match the control names in your form that's a brand new javascript object not related to your form
directly at least.
Then here we might all have a secret question which is a string and then we have the answer which is
a string and finally the gender which is a string.
So that's my user object as created by default.
And when submitting the form I want to update it.
So here Adem the one to say this user and there I want to access the username let's say and set as equal
to my sign up for them access the value of this form and there we know we have a user name input field
like this and replicate this.
Now as for the e-mail and of course value of course was available on the user data grouping though.
So user name and email was in the user data Maula group kept us in line so we have to access this model
group property first before we can XTi final user name and email.
However the secret question here was available like this.
We did name decontrol
secret though so make sure to use secret when accessing it in the form value.
And the answer.
Well let's see which name we gave this we gave it the name question answer.
So let's use this when accessing the form.
And finally we want to set the user gender equal to what we store and you sign up for them here.
We did name this control gender too.
You can check it down their gender.
So with that we now update all that information in our user.
Maybe we also want to track whether we did submit the forms.
We do have a submitted property set to false initially and we said is too true here because well guess
what we submitted the form.
And with that we could place NGF on our row here to check wherever the form was submitted and only if
it was submitted.
I want to display this block and here.
I don't want to put user user name.
And of course all the other information we gathered like user e-mail here.
So let's quickly add all of this here to a question What be your first.
And then we store a user secret question here we have the answer and so on.
Of course structure does in whatever way you want to structured.
I just want to show you how you can access your values and use them.
And we have this all in place.
Now you don't see that section by default.
But if I enter something here like Anna or let's adjust the user name actually my e-mail address my
first pet which is Nelli and then the gender I think that surprises you.
That's not correct though.
So let's hit submit.
And now we see the data here at the bottom.
This is how you can extract the data how you can use it how you can add a property like submit a to
make sure you only display certain sections of the form was submitted and how you in the end used that
data.
One more thing before we move on to react to forums though.